Remove curl -k from examples and add certificate guidance (#6078)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/quickstart-beats.md

    * Follow the {{es}} deployment [guide](elasticsearch-deployment-quickstart.md) and run:

        ::::{tip}

>         The following examples assume your endpoint has a valid certificate. If you're testing with self-signed certificates, add [`--insecure`](https://curl.se/docs/manpage.html#-k) (or `-k`) to the curl command to skip SSL/TLS verification. Don't use this flag in production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The following examples assume your endpoint uses a trusted certificate. If you're testing with self-signed certificates, add [`--insecure`](https://curl.se/docs/manpage.html#-k) (or `-k`) to the curl command to skip SSL/TLS verification. Don't use this flag in production environments. Alternatively, provide the CA certificate to the curl command with `--cacerts` option.
```
Consider snippets to simplify future updates and maintenance.

I have changed `valid` to `trusted` because a certificate signed by a private / corporate CA is considered perfectly valid and wouldn't be trusted (so it would need -k or --cacerts preferably).

Ideally it would be great if we also mention `--cacerts` even if it's in a generic way. Feel free to adapt my proposal in any way you like.

Note that It's not a big deal if we don't mention cacerts here. In this short sentence i'm ok with using `self signed` term as in case of using REAL self-signed certs, the best is probably to add directly -k, so the sentence feels ok! But when using corporate or private CAs then it's better to use `--cacerts` as those can be considered valid production cases (self-signed certs can be considered a test / proof-of-concept scenario).

Author: will do the snippets in a follow-up PR.

i think the generic version in Slack covered this? so fixed in 37cb1396a8139e8f89ad500e15b4922659e69cb9
